[JENKINS-75384] updated user doc on input respond (#210)
jenkinsci/pipeline-input-step-plugin: README.md

Input Example with `Allowed Submitter`:
Usernames and/or external group names of those permitted to respond to the input, separated by ','. Spaces will be trimmed automatically, so "Alice, Bob, Charles" is the same as "Alice,Bob,Charles".

> Note: Jenkins administrators are able to respond to the input regardless of the value of this parameter. And users with **cancel** permissions may also respond with 'Abort' to the input. 

Reviewer: As an optional suggestion, a link to the page that describes permissions may help the reader understand more clearly.
```suggestion
Note: Jenkins administrators are able to respond to the input regardless of the value of this parameter. Users with [**Job/cancel** permission](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/security/access-control/permissions/#job-permissions) may also respond with 'Abort' to the input.
```

Author: That will be really useful.
